ipv6 support for remote addresses added (#3361)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/remote-clusters/remote-clusters-api-key.md

You must have the `manage` cluster privilege to connect remote clusters.
::::

The local cluster uses the [remote cluster interface](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/networking-settings.md) to establish communication with remote clusters. The coordinating nodes in the local cluster establish [long-lived](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/networking-settings.md#long-lived-connections) TCP connections with specific nodes in the remote cluster. {{es}} requires these connections to remain open, even if the connections are idle for an extended period.

### Using {{kib}}

To add a remote cluster from Stack Management in {{kib}}:

1. Select **Remote Clusters** from the side navigation.
2. Enter a name (*cluster alias*) for the remote cluster.
3. Specify the {{es}} endpoint URL, the IP address, or host name of the remote cluster, followed by the remote cluster port (defaults to `9443`). For example, `cluster.es.eastus2.staging.azure.foundit.no:9443` or `192.168.1.1:9443`.

>     Both IPv4 and IPv6 ({applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2`) addresses are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Starting with {{kib}} 9.2, you can also specify IPv6 addresses.
```
To make it closer to your other edit where you no longer use a badge
